CMPUT 275 FINAL PROJECT

Plagiarism detector

Vitor Mendonca
Pavlo Malynin

This project is a detector of plagiarism on text documents. The program
should receive as input a directory, analize all txt documents inside and
determine which documents are likely to be plagiarized from one another.
It's based on an assignment given on the CS2 course at Stanford, described
here: http://nifty.stanford.edu/2008/franke-catch-plagiarists/

The basic idea behind the program is to read the .txt files and generate a
graph where each node is a document, each edge represents commonality between
documents (by commonality, we mean sentences or word sentences common to both
docs), and each edge weight is the number of n-word sequences in common
between the documents. We can then output the pairs to the user in order of commonality. 
Finding sequences in common will demand dynamic programming to be run
efficiently.

The program should be run from the command line, taking as inputs the
threshold (number of sequences in common that would qualify a pair of
documents as plagiarized), the sequence size n, and a directory. E.g.:

$ pldetect 20 4 ./reports

The program will output a list of pairs of documents, in order of probability
of being plagiarized. The user can also add the -v flag to obtain more specific information.

Demo

We will use the document database provided by the Stanford assignmet to obtain
a result live at demo time. In addition, we will ask the examiners to give us a
random topic, then we will obtain a couple of articles on that topic online
and generate a plagiarized document live to show that our program can detect it.

Milestones

March 23 - Implement basic functionality; program should read a directory
and return an output. At this point, program simply finds sentences (i.e., 
strings separated by punctuation) that are common among 2 or more documents.

March 30 - Improve the algorithm to find not only sentences, but also n-word
sequences, where n is determined by user. 

April 06 - Implement a synonym dictionary, so that sentences like "the file
was found" and "the file was located" are considered similar

April 10 - Tweak and make minor improvements to user interface
