Advertisement Analysis
	
	
I found it somewhat ironic that as I was searching through ads filled with gorgeous models, all I could really concentrate on was my dirty little hands turning the pages. But in the magazine industry, the models are not the only elements that make a publication work; it is essentially a series of items carefully combined to create an overall effect. Consequently, there are no mistakes in advertising, and the positioning of those elements as well as their respective connotations are deliberately made to be as such. I had a difficult time deciding between two advertisements, and ultimately concluded that I liked them both the same.

	The first ad that caught my eye was for Levi’s Super Low Stretch Jeans. It features a woman posing in the mentioned brand, also wearing a top manufactured by the same company, obviously for a sales pitch for the brand name’s other clothing lines. Her body’s position creates the shape of the letter ‘N’, starting on the left side of the page. Because our eyes naturally read left to right, and because her hand is a light contrast against the dark fabric of her jeans, we automatically start to observe the advertisement at this specific point. Also, should our eye drift to the bottom of her aforementioned leg, her foot is pointed, meant to draw our attention upward. When we reach the top of her leg, we conveniently find the Levi’s logo (with a red background to continuously attract attention). Following our current path, we return back down the other side of the leg to the waist of the jeans, where we see the woman’s bellybutton is pierced, meaning to emphasize just how low the jeans truly are. Returning up the other side of the ‘N’, we come to the woman’s torso and face last, being a typical endorsement of an attractive model. Her sitting position also exhibits how the jeans claim to stretch, as she looks comfortable and laid-back in bare feet. Her young yet mature age is also relevant to the audience, being that the magazine is aimed at an audience of women in their late teens and twenties. 

	The second ad I chose is one of the many successful Got Milk? line of advertising. Featuring Aerosmith’s Steve Tyler, the ad is a picture window with a relatively humorous connotation. The copy stating “Make your bones rock hard” is both a reference to Tyler’s career in the rock industry and the benefits of drinking milk to increase bone strength through calcium. The slang copy with unfinished words such as “growin’” reflect the laid-back attitude exhibited by the star, and is meant to refer to younger audiences who speak the same kind of dialect. The specific choice for Tyler and his physical endorsement of the product show that you’re never too old or similarly too cool to drink milk, which is usually associated with babies and children. The physical positioning of Tyler’s hands draw the viewer’s attention inwards towards the milk mustache and his also famous kisser. It may also be considered ironic that Tyler, with his long hair and painted nails, can at a quick glance resemble a woman (again, part of the targeted audience factor). This forces the reader to look twice, to discern the sex of the featured model, and also to return to confirm the familiarity of the specific face. 

	The simplicity of both of these ads, as well as their deeper meanings are truly fascinating. The advertisement industry is a clever one, with several tricks to catch and simultaneously fool the eye, all the while achieving the overall previously mentioned effect. This provides several options for the designers to play with, in conjunction with the layouts and therein, their connotation. Millions can be spent on what may be appreciated in a single glance, but in the opinions of the ad executives, it’s worth every penny.
