Andy Warhol
	
	
It is rare for an artist to become a celebrity, but Andy Warhol experienced much more than his fifteen minutes of fame and became an icon of his generation.  Warhol was involved in many artistic fields that included painting, filmmaking, publisher, record producer, and photography, but at the same time he was a businessman, social commentator and self-promoter.  He was a major contributor to the Pop Art movement, a period when mainstream objects such as comic strips, advertisements, and celebrity photos, were incorporated into many works.  Warhol’s “Campbell Soup” series and later his “Celebrity” series are some of the most well known works of Pop Art that are still used in print and advertising today. 

However, not all of his works dealt with intriguing celebrities or mainstream advertising.  Scores of artists have revealed more than one side of their persona and Warhol had an area within himself that was different than the bulk of his visual output that seemed a bit morbid.  Warhol’s darker side is evident in his “Death and Disaster” series.  This was a period in which he related such tragedies as car accidents, suicide, capital punishment, and gang warfare that seems to be more than a passing interest for Warhol.  These morbid works differ from his Pop Art pieces and are a part of trying to understand Warhol’s catalogue of work.  

Warhol graduated from the Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1949 with a degree in pictorial design.  He then went to New York City to work as a commercial illustrator and later began painting towards the late 1950’s.  His work did not begin to be noticed until around 1962 when his “Campbell Soup” prints and “Marilyn Monroe” silk screens grabbed the interest of the art world.   

However this period was a difficult time in Warhol’s life.  He was not yet a celebrity and he had just revealed to the world that he was a homosexual, while at the same time the effects of the Vietnam conflict were being felt across the country.  These turbulent emotions can be seen in many of Warhol’s paintings, but later served as a springboard for his “Death and Disaster” series.  In the early 1960s, capital punishment became an ever-increasing heated political issue.  From his “Death and Disaster series, Warhol aimed to capture the feeling of an execution in his work the “Electric Chair”.   In the piece, an image of the actual electric chair at Sing Sing state prison in New York is used.  The Sing Sing electric chair had been the world’s most infamous fryer, with a total of 614 inmates being put to death by the end of its use. In 1963 the chair was abandoned for a more humane means of execution - lethal injection.  The “;Electric Chair” was created the next year in 1964; the piece shows an image of the unoccupied chair with the word “silence” strategically placed in the top right hand corner. 

Warhol incorporated into his work the “Electric Chair” a gloomy dungeon atmosphere that involved the use of dark shadows.  In addition to the shadows, the work itself is blurred and this adds to the horrifying feel of the execution chamber.  It is plain to see that he is trying to create an extremely negative vision of the death penalty, a kind of artistic protest.  He condemns capital punishment by applying the opinion that the prisoner seems like the victim.  This work possibly gives the general view of a condemned prisoner walking into execution chamber and viewing the instrument of his death. 

Warhol’s use of the infamous Sing Sing electric chair did not stop with this one painting.  In 1967 he produced “Big Electric Chair” which differed from the previous piece in many ways.  In this version, he focused in on the chair itself instead of the whole chamber.  This time there is much less background giving the impression that someone might be in the room.  This could be a completely new vision Warhol gives the condemned prisoner by giving him a closer vantagepoint of his demise.  The color used in this work takes away the gloomy feeling of the first piece though a sense of morbidity remains.  Though the overall visual feel of the “Big Electric Chair” is different than the “Electric Chair”, the original theme remains 

The “Electric Chair” series continued in 1971 with Warhol reprinting several of the Sing Sing chairs in a repetitive fashion using various positions and colors.  Each one of these pieces gives a different feel for the chamber and the electric chair itself while at the same time staying true to the original theme. These series of prints were the conclusion to Warhol’s original electric chair. 

In Andy Warhol’s “Electric Chair” series, which was a part of his “Death and Disaster” period, the pieces were quite different from the original in a variety of ways, however the theme and ideas behind the series remains true to the original. The issue of capital punishment must have captivated Warhol’s mind due to the number of different works he produced on the subject.  The “Electric Chair” series shows a side of Warhol not seen in his most popular works. Through these pieces he was able to successfully voice his opinion on capital punishment. Few people ever see what an execution chamber actually looks like, and with Warhol making this setting as dark as possible, he makes a very powerful and lasting statement
