 Art
	
	
	The Statue of Liberty is a symbol of freedom to the people coming into our country, but to use it not only stands for freedom but for friendship too.  It was given to use by the French on October 28, 1886 as a symbol of friendship established during the American Revolution.  The Statue has stood in New York for almost one hundred and twenty years and is known around the world for its importance to our country.

	The Statue is a joint effort between America and France and it is agreed upon that American people are to build the pedestal, and the French are responsible for the Statue and its assembly in the United States.  They have an agreement as friends that the French are to go forth with the building and the design of The Statue of Liberty.  Sculptor Frederic Auguste Bartholdi is commissioned to design a sculpture with the year 1876 in mind for completion in which commemorating the centennial of the American Declaration of Independence (Bartholdi). 

	Nevertheless a problem arises for both sides; there is a lack of funds in which to build The Statue.  In France, public fees, various forms of entertainment, and a lottery are among the methods used to raise money.  In the Untied States, benefit theatrical events, art exhibitions, auctions and prizefights assist in providing needed funds (Bartholdi).  As you could tell the United States and the French were both working together as a team in which to get The Statue complete.

	The Statue is completed in France in July, 1884 and arrives in New York Harbor in June of 1885 on board the French frigate “Isere” which transports the Statue from France to the United States.  To do so the Statue of Liberty had to be reduced to three hundred and fifty individual pieces, which were then packed into two hundred and fourteen crates.  The Statue is reassembled on her new pedestal in four months.  On October 28,1886, the dedication of the Statue of Liberty takes place in front of thousands of spectators (Bartholdi).  Our symbol of friendship has arrived.
