Art, Ancient Egyot
	
	
Many of the artworks of Ancient Egypt indicate that it was a culture whose people were 

highly religious and who believed strongly in an afterlife. The artworks that will be 

discussed in this essay (that range from paintings, to sculpture, to architecture) are related 

to the religious beliefs of the people, farming or to glorifying their gods and kings, as 

documentation from the remains suggest. 

I have used texts as outlined in the bibliography as reference to the subjects discussed. 

Most of the examples used are from paintings, hieroglyphics, sculptures and the buildings 

themselves that come from the remains of the tombs, pyramids and temples, where I 

believe most of the information about the ancient society that we know today comes 

Egypt is known as a land of the pyramids. Pyramids are remote and mysterious 

mountains of stone that were built as burial chambers, believed to help the kings into the 

afterlife. They indicate a land that was so organized that it was possible to pile up the 

gigantic structures in the lifetime of a king. They also tell us of kings who were so 

powerful that they could force thousands of workers to toil for them for years so they

The pyramids had a profound effect on many Egyptians, not only those who were to be 

buried there, but the many people who designed and executed the plan for them to be 

built. Many people died while building these pyramids, as the toll of the astronomical 

task of moving the giant building blocks to their place was too much burden. 

Inside these pyramids, there are elaborate and often quite beautiful burial chambers. In 

these chambers there were often spells and incantations written on the walls, along with 

pottery and sculptures of items that were thought that would be needed for the afterlife, 

such as vases for food and water and of workers that could serve the king (pharaoh) in 

The pyramids were often guarded by rows of sculptures that had the head of a human and 

the body of an animal. These sculptures are known as sphinxes and were designed to 

keep tomb-raiders away from the burial site. They indicate that the society was highly 

superstitious, and had a belief in the supernatural.   

The king was considered a divine being who controlled over his subjects, and on his 

death he would again ascend to the gods from where he had come. The pyramids with 

their pointed roof were believed to help him to make his ascent. 

Inside the pyramid’s burial chamber the Egyptians would try to preserve body from 

decay. They believed that the body must be preserved if the soul is to live into the 

afterlife. That is why they prevented the corpse from decaying by an elaborate method of 

embalming it, and binding it up with strips of cloth. As it was for the mummy of the king 

that the pyramid had been built, his body was laid in the centre of the huge structure in a 

stone coffin. Everywhere round the burial chamber, spells and incantations were written 

to help him on his journey to the other world. 

It was believed that the preservation of the body was not enough. There was a belief that 

material possessions needed to be taken also. Sculptors would chisel the king's head out 

of granite and put it out of sight in the tomb to help his Soul to stay alive in and through 

the image. One Egyptian word for sculptor was actually 'He-who-keeps-alive'1. 

At first these the afterlife was granted only for the king, but the nobles of the royal 

household eventually had minor tombs grouped in neat rows round the king's mound. 

This resulted with increased numbers of tomb sites and mummification became 

The pictures and models found in Egyptian tombs were connected with the idea of 

providing the soul with helpmates in the other world, a belief that is found in many early 

cultures. Tomb paintings and sacred hieroglyphic texts provide a glimpse into the world 

of the elite, but information on the lives of ordinary people remains scant. The majority 

of the population of ancient Egypt were peasants who played a vital role within the 

country's strict hierarchical society. Artefacts related to daily activities remain as a 

testament to the labours of the workers who transformed ancient Egypt into an earthly 

The early portraits from the pyramid age, the fourth dynasty of the Old Kingdom, are 

among the most beautiful works of Egyptian art. They have simplicity and resort to an 

idealised form. There is a combination of geometric regularity, and observation of nature 

is characteristic of much of the art.

One of the most mysterious places in ancient Egypt was the inside of a temple. Temples 

were the homes of the gods and goddesses and very few people were allowed to see the 

inside. The front of an ancient Egyptian temple was built to look impressive. After all, the 

Ordinary ancient Egyptians may have been allowed to enter the courtyard on special 

festival days, but could go no further into the temple. On the rest of the days of the years, 

they were not even allowed to enter the courtyard.  

The pictures and models found in Egyptian tombs were connected with the idea of 

providing the soul with helpmates in the other world, a belief that is found in many early 

cultures. The artists' did their best to preserve everything as clearly as possible. 

The head was mostly drawn in profile, with a frontal view of the body.  A full-face eye 

was drawn into the side view of the face. The top half of the body, the shoulders and 

chest, are best seen from the front, for then we see how the arms are hinged to the body. 

But arms and legs in movement are much more clearly seen sideways. The Egyptians in 

this picture looks contorted. Both feet are seen from the inside and the usually has the 

appearance as if he had two left feet. 

The Egyptian artist’s style was governed by set rules which were followed. Egyptian 

artists were taught in their youth so art was an important factor in the society. Seated 

statues had to have their hands on their knees; men had to be painted with darker skin 

than women; the appearance of every Egyptian god was strictly laid down: Horus, the 

skygod, had to be shown as a falcon or with a falcon's head; Anubis, the god of funeral 

rites, as a jackal or with a jackal's head. These rules were set in place by those wanting 

the images to have an effect on people, to try to stop rebellions against the pharaoh from 

New styles were not appreciated in the culture. The best-regarded artists were those who 

could make their works like the admired artworks of the past. In over three thousand 

years, Egyptian art changed very little.

Our understanding of their culture is helped by our ability to read their writing, 

hieroglyphics. Hieroglyphics in fact was very important to the Egyptian society. In 1240 

B C, the Egyptian book of the Dead was written. This book was like a bible, consisting of 

hymns to the Gods, testaments of their lives and documented standards of how life should 

The hieroglyphics had to be cut accurately in stone or drawn on papyrus by the artist. 

This indicates that they felt it was important for history to be recorded fully and 

accurately, a philosophy that was not seen in most previous ancient cultures.

Many artworks were made from precious materials such as gold and gems, which reflect 

that the society was wealthy and knowledgeable of how to use these materials in such a 

precise manner. Many of these artworks are in the form of jewellery, which were usually 

to be found in the tombs of the pharaohs or wealthy.

If a person wore elaborate jewellery in the society it would generally indicate that they 

were of some importance, maybe of royal blood or of a wealthy family.  

From the diagrams that we see in the temples and pyramids, we observe the ancient 

Egyptians were very particular about cleanliness and personal appearance. People who

were poorly groomed were considered inferior. Both men and women used cosmetics 

and wore jewellery. One item of jewellery, the amulet, was believed to protect the owners 

From the paintings, sculptures and remains of fibre, we also observe that Flax grown by 

farmers was woven into fine linen for clothing. Working-class men wore loincloths or 

short kilts, as well as long shirt-like garments tied with a sash at the waist. Kilts were 

made from a rectangular piece of linen that was folded around the body and tied at the 

waist. Wealthy men wore knee-length shirts, loincloths or kilts and wore jewellery – a 

string of beads, armlets and bracelets. Working-class women wore full-length 

wraparound gowns and close-fitting sheaths. Elite women enhanced their appearance 

with make-up, earrings, bracelets and necklaces. 

Both men and women wore sandals made of papyrus. Sandals made of vegetable fibres or 

leather were a common type of footwear. Nevertheless, men and women, including the 

wealthy, were frequently portrayed barefoot.

In conclusion, I believe we can understand a lot of the ancient Egyptian lifestyle and 

culture, mostly through artefacts in the pyramids and temples to see that they were a 

highly religious, superstitious and very well organised society.
