Art History Essay
	
	
There were many difficulties and challenges dealt with in the seventeenth century, some which have many similarities to difficulties and challenges in today’s society.  During the 17th Century; also known as the Baroque Period, many investigations and discoveries formed and changed the way society viewed the world.  For example 2 philosophers of this time, and Rene Descartes’ established a “new scientific method of studying the world by insisting on scrupulous objectivity and logical reasoning.”  Many scientists of the same time period agreed with their discoveries claiming that these philosophers “simply amplified human understanding of creation.”  Although some viewed this as a glorious discovery there were also difficulties and challenges to still be faced.  Many people of this time had trouble accepting new ideas and discoveries especially those who were highly religious.  The church and many church authorities were not accepting of this discovery and strongly disagree with these findings.  In today’s society many discoveries and ideas are presented and rejected due to the churches rigid beliefs and beliefs of nonconformist.  Abortion and abstinence is still a controversial topic today and not thoroughly accepted.  

	Galileo an astronomer, mathematical and physicist discovered the telescope, which lead to the confirmation of the Copernican theory.  This theory was previously banned by the church from being taught which Galileo was put under house arrest for and soon after sentenced to death by the church.  

	Although people may believe that being sentenced to death by the church does not occur these days, recently in Africa a woman was sentenced to death for adultery because it is illegal by Muslim society still faces the same challenges and difficulties because people cannot accept new ideas and beliefs.

	The Role of Art in Contemporary Society has taken on a historical meaning.  When people these days visit a well-known museum to view the art, they are not only viewing a masterpiece but also extracting a part of our world’s history.  Many Baroque period artists were influenced by many of the discoveries in their time and when viewing a painting one is not only taking in beauty but also apart of history.  

	Today’s art does not take on the same propagandistic function as it did in the seventeenth century.  The church in the 17th century used art to “encourage piety among the faithful and to persuade those it regarded as heretics to return to the fold.”  This religious art was intended to be visually and emotionally appealing to entice and influence the largest possible audience.  During this time the Catholic Church and catholic nobility supported and funded numerous pieces of art including paintings, sculptures, buildings and decoration projects to achieve their goal.
