Art in the Modern World
	
	
Confusion or Understanding …That All Depends

Modern art can either bring unity and coherence into a fragmented modern world by introducing something that other human institutions fail to do, or it can present tragedy and suffering in an unforgiving light, adding more confusion to the situation.  Modernist writers like W.H. Auden seemed to try to uphold the idea that works of art can and should provide unity, coherence, and meaning.  Yet, with the evolvement of modernism in the 1930s and 1940s, Dylan Thomas tended to present tragic situations in his poems, often giving way to more disjoint and uncertainty.  As major figures in the progressive modernization of literature, both Auden and Thomas moved away from apparent objectivity, a theme once standardized by previous literary figures, and toward subjectivity.  While other writers of the era conveyed modern ideas in form and style, such as William Faulkner’s multiple narrators and stream-of-consciousness format displayed in The Sound and Fury, Thomas and Auden radiated modern thought through their ideas and subject matter.  Both Thomas’s “The Hunchback in the Park” and Auden’s “Musee des Beaux Arts” send a clear message to the reader that art can exist in the modern world; however, for each poet, it exists in two entirely different manners.  For Thomas, modern art moves away from plain objectivity and towards impressionism and subjectivity, often leaving the reader engrossed in confusion and disjoint.  In contrast, Auden’s idea of art in the modern world surfaces as an attempt to bring unity and coherence into an otherwise fragmented, suffering modern world.

It is all too common for modern literary works from the 1930s and 1940s to exude human suffering, and Thomas’s “The Hunchback in the Park” is no different.  Thomas opens a window into one man’s world, letting the reader get a glimpse of a hunchback’s daily life living chained in a park. Thomas describes the hunchback as, “… a solitary mister…drinking water from the chained cup that the children filled with gravel…(he) slept at night in a dog kennel…” (lines 2-9).  The children, perhaps unknowing of the anguish they exact, relentlessly make a mockery of the hunchback.  Thomas writes, “And Mister they called Hey mister the truant boys from the town running when he had heard them clearly on out of sound past lake and rockery laughing when he shook his paper hunchbacked in mockery…dodging the park keeper” (lines 15-23).  The tragic cycle never relents – each day is the same as the last, one dreadful day of suffering followed by another – making his existence one of absurdity.  

Indeed, nighttime, even though it functions as a lull in the hunchback’s otherwise continual war with society and allows him temporary escape, represents an even worse form of suffering for the hunchback – an absurd teasing.  Each day nature teases him into thinking he can gain an unattainable freedom.  Granted, when the lights go out and the park is closed he does gain momentary autonomy, but each morning he is condemned to face more misery.  (This cycle calls to mind the myth of Sisyphus, a story of a man condemned to eternally roll a large stone up a mountain, only to have it fall back over him and roll to the bottom each time.)  Throughout the poem, Thomas never passes on the opportunity to immerse the reader in the hunchback’s pain, as each stanza’s language dramatically describes the hunchback’s tragic life.  For instance, Thomas writes, “A woman figure with out fault straight as a young elm straight and tall from his crooked bones that she might stand in the night after!

 the locks and chains all night in the unmade park…had followed the hunchback to his kennel in the dark” (lines 32-42).  The passage reveals the stunning reality of the hunchback, as this ‘woman figure’ is his nighttime companion (whether figurative or literal, Thomas leaves open to interpretation) and his only friend.  Even though the reader does take solace in the fact the hunchback at least ‘has his nights,’ Thomas’s closing lines, “…the birds the grass the trees the lake and the wild boys innocent as strawberries had followed the hunchback to his kennel in the dark” (lines 39-43) leave the reader steeped in thoughts of violence and chaos, a highly representative literary effect of the modern era.

Not only does Thomas illustrate art in the modern world by writing a poem that recognizes human suffering, but also by characterizing the hunchback as an artist himself.  Daytime brings with it constant torment and anguish for the hunchback which makes nighttime all the more of a sanctuary for reflection and expression.  The hunchback – whether knowingly or not – becomes an artist upon nightfall and creates his own world to counteract the work of nature .  He creates an imaginary woman in order to cope with his world.  Thomas writes, “...a woman figure without fault straight as a young elm straight and tall from his crooked bones that she might stand in the night after the locks and chains all night in the unmade park...” (lines 32-35).  As an artist, he makes her “from his crooked bones”, in essence, creating something perfect when he is imperfect.  In addition, once the sun sets he is able to transform himself from a figure of a derision and pity into a one of power and beauty – once again becoming an artist.  However, even though Thomas hints at the hunchback’s nighttime relief as an artist, overall the poem itself leaves the reader distraught.  Thomas clearly does not attempt to restore order or coherence in the audience – it is an unforgiving trip inside one man’s brutally oppressed world that leaves the audience wrapped in chaos.

That is not the case in Auden’s “Musee Des Beaux Arts.”  Auden’s idea of art in the modern world is antithetical to that of Thomas and surfaces as an attempt to bring unity and coherence into an otherwise fragmented, suffering, modern world.  (In fact, this attempt, to a certain extent, may offset Thomas’s effect on the reader.)  The death of Icarus, as represented in Breughel’s painting, exists as an archetypal pattern that is recurrent in European art and thought and represents human desire to exceed its limitations.  Successful art, indeed, often exists to address an aspect of human existence and help the reader to gain perspective – Auden does just that.  He captures the emblematic story of human suffering in the tale of Icarus, and then parlays it into a work of art.  By doing so in such artistic fashion, Auden is able to temporarily restore understanding to the modern world.  

Daedalus conceived to escape from the Labyrinth with Icarus from Crete by constructing wings and then flying to safety. He built the wings from feathers and wax, and before the two set off he warned Icarus not to fly too low lest his wings touch the waves and get wet, and not too high lest the sun melt the wax. But the young Icarus, overwhelmed by the thrill of flying, did not heed his father's warning, and flew too close to the sun whereupon the wax in his wings melted and he fell into the sea.  Auden writes, “In Breughel’s Icarus, for instance: how everything turns away quite leisurely from the disaster; the ploughman may have heard the splash, the forsaken cry, but for him it was not an important failure; the sun shone as it had to on the white legs disappearing into the green water; and the expensive delicate ship that mush have seen something amazing, a boy falling out of the sky, had somewhere to get to and sailed calmly on” (lines 15-22). By explaining how the rest of the world barely took note of Icarus’s splash, Auden is toying with the idea of human suffering –  in a sense making light of the situation.  Certainly human suffering is not something about which one should joke, but Auden is not so much attempting to rouse laughter as he is trying to soften the blow.   With out a doubt, being on the receiving end of that kind of sucker punch (realizing human existence is futile and altogether absurd) can really knock you off your feet.  Auden’s poem, through clever use of language, tackles the absurdity of human suffering and re-establishes some understanding in an otherwise fragmented world. 

Both Auden and Thomas make a statement on how art can be in the modern world, and both play the role of an artist.  After close examination of the two poems, “Musee des Beaux Arts” and “The Hunchback in the Park”, characteristics of each man’s slanted view of how art can exist in the modern era leap at the reader, the most obvious of which relates to the idea of suffering in the modern world.  Though both poems reside in mild if not blatant modernism, the effect on the reader is entirely different.  Auden chooses to restore coherence to the disjointed modern world.  In doing so, the reader is able to gain perspective on what suffering means and perhaps, how to deal with it.  Thomas, on the other hand, simply furthers the tragic cycle in his poem, giving way to more disillusion and confusion.  Each time the sun rises, so do the bars of the hunchback’s jail – this message leaves the reader’s head swirling as if Thomas is condemning the hunchback to this dreadful life.  Upon final analysis, perhaps one thing is certain: the poems simultaneously conflict while still remaining examples of what art can be in the modern world – somewhat of a juxtaposition, but wouldn’t that just make sense.
